In the last video, we did a little bit of tricky debugging and we realized that our error handler that
we had defined inside of our common module wasn't really giving us enough information back.
If there's ever some kind of error that we weren't really expecting to see, we should really console.log
it or do something with it so that you and I can review our logs at some point in the future and say,
Oh, look, something's going wrong that we weren't really expecting.
So I'm inside of my common module.
I'm in the middleware directory air handler.
If we get past this if statement right here, let's log this error.
So I'm going to do a console error.
And log out the error that just occurred.
Well, then save this file.
So we just made a change to our common module to get that update over to our tickets project.
We have to rebuild and republish the common module.
We then have to do an update to the module version inside of our tickets project.
So it is a little bit of a laborious process, but remember we set up that little script to help us
out.
I'm going to close the error handler.
I'm going to go back over to my terminal.
I'm going to stop my tests with a control c.
I'll then go back up.
Change into my common directory.
And then I'll run that AMPM run pub.
So remember, that's going to increment our version number.
Clean up the build directory, rebuild, do the git, commit all that kind of stuff, and then eventually
publish it off to NPM.
Okay.
There we go.
I'm version 1.012.
Now, at this point, you might be only at like 1.0 for something again.
Every now and then, I make a little mistake after we record a video.
And so I just happen to be at this version now.
Okay.
I'm going to go now back over to my tickets directory.
And inside of tickets, we now need to update that package.
So remember the package we can find cyber package JSON file inside of tickets.
For me I need to update srg tickets.
Common.
You're going to find whatever your organization name was instead.
So we'll do inside of tickets and PM update.
Your organization name.
Common.
So I'll run that.
And I should see the updated version printed out once it does the install.
There we go.
Very good.
Now we can start our test suite back up and hopefully we're going to end up seeing a better error message
or some error message for that matter around getting that invalid ID.
So I'm going to do an AMPM run test.
And after a brief warm up period.
There we go.
So it's way more information than we probably want, but at least it is an error that we are seeing.
So now if anything goes wrong, we will see it, even if we do not have some custom error built to deal
with it.
So now it would be a lot easier for us if we had this originally to take a look at this and say, Oh,
okay, yeah, we put in some invalid ID, we've got something that looks like that.
We need a normal real ID.
So how are we going to fix this?
Well, let's go back over to our test file.
So here's show tests.
I've still got a console.log right here of response body.
I'm going to clean that up.
I don't need to get access to the response anymore.
And I'm going to restore at the very end of that chain the expect or oh for.
And then going to find this jet right here and we're going to put a real ID inside there.
We can either try to write out a real ID manually, or alternatively, we could try to generate one
for ourselves.
I think it'd be a lot better to use some built in function to generate this ID for us, because to be
honest with you, kind of easy for us to not get the like 12 or 24 character or whatever it was.
ID Correct.
So I'm going to turn the string into a template string by putting in the back ticks.
I'm going to remove that hardcoded one right there and replace it with some interpolation.
To generate this ID, we're going to import Mongoose.
At the top.
Then inside the function body, I'm going to create a new variable called ID.
So we're going to use a function that is built into mongoose to generate a normal or a realistic, valid
looking ID for us.
So we can say New Mongoose types, object ID, we're going to invoke that and they're going to call
to hex string.
Like so.
And then we'll pass in the ID right there.
So as you guess, this is a function to generate a valid object ID or then going to toss it into that
string.
And no longer should we get some air coming out of Mongoose when we try to make that query and fetch
the ticket by ID.
So let's save this and see if our tests are now passing.
I'll flip back over.
And there we go.
I'll set.
Well, I think you can agree with me that generating the ID with this long statement right here is not
super ideal.
If you want to, you could certainly make some kind of helper function and tuck it away inside of some
utils or helper file inside that test directory.
But I will leave that up to you.
All right.
Well, I think that our show stuff is now pretty much working.
This is looking pretty reasonable to me at this point.
So let's take a pause right here.
Continue in just a moment.